docs: vn registration (#26)
tari-project/rfcs: src/RFC-0313_VNRegistration.md

Luckily we have the [Base Layer] where we can publicly commit to VNs. Because we have this list of active VNs, we can use the list when determining [VNC]s.

## Registration
Each VN wishing to participate in the DAN layer must publish a registration UTXO to the [Base Layer]. This registration UTXO MUST be flagged
as a registration UTXO type. A UTXO on the [Base Layer] allows all nodes, including pruned nodes, to verify the list of active VNs. 

We want to make VN registration Sybill-resistant, and to enforce this, the registration UTXOs MUST have at least a value of `VN registration amount` amount of Tari locked up. 
This amount is determined by consensus code and can be only be changed with Hard-Forks. This amount should be high enough that the user who owns the
registration UTXO will de-register the VN to reclaim the amount.

Because we cannot force VNs who have published registration UTXOs to be active and participate in the DAN layer, we can incentivize them by allowing them to reclaim their registration UTXOs as a form of 

> de-registration. We cannot stop stale UTXOs, but we can ignore them by enforcing VNs to re-register every `VN re-registration` period of blocks. If [base node]s via consensus

Reviewer: Rather, something like "Stale VNs should not be added to the VN Merkle Tree"

remove VNs whose registration UTXOs are older than the `VN re-registration` period, we can limit this. 

> NOTE: An aggressive approach may be to force an anyone can spend script on the UTXO if the UTXO goes stale.

In order to shuffle VNs inside of their respective VNCs, VNs MUST get a new VN-key each time they register. This is done to prevent some
operators to do shard targeting attacks. 

Each registration UTXO MUST contain the VN public key with a signature proving it knows the private key. 
The signature MUST as a schnorr type signature as follows:
$$
\begin{aligned}
sig = r + e*k \\\\
e = hash(R || K || Commitment) \\\\
\end{aligned}
$$

> As the challenge, we hash the nonce, VN public key, and the commitment. We include the commitment to ensure each signature must be unique. This is important

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the challenge, we hash the nonce, VN public key, and the commitment. We include the commitment to ensure each signature must be unique. This is important to stop a replay of signatures in a different UTXO
```

as we don't want users to reuse all signatures. 

## VN-Key

The VN-key is the unique key used to identify where in the [shard space] this key is generated unique each time the VN is registered to assign the
VN to a different area of the [shard space] each time.

The key MUST be calculated as follows:

$$
\begin{aligned}
\text{VN-key} = hash(\text{VN-pubkey}||\text{blockhash})
\end{aligned}
$$
Where the `blockhash` is the blockhash of the block, the registration transaction was mined in.
It is essential we ensure that the `VN-Key` has some random entropy inside of it, as the `VN-Key` needs to be pseudorandom.

> ## VN-Key option two

Reviewer: I don't see the need for this option. The first option is much easier to understand

for each block. But this causes some issues with the proof in the block. If the `blockhash` is dependent on all the information in the block, we cannot include the current VN Merkle proof in the current block. 

An easy fix for this would be to use another source of random entropy that does not depend on the entire current block info. We can replace the `blockhash` with the
`utxo Merkle root`. This is also pseudorandom but does not rely on the `VN key` calculation. 
$$
\begin{aligned}
\text{VN-key} = hash(\text{VN-pubkey}||\text{utxo merkle root})
\end{aligned}
$$

## UTXO de-registration
An option exists to lock the registration UTXO for a certain amount of blocks before allowing spending to ensure registration stays open. But it can be argued that this
serves no real purpose as we don't care if the UTXO exists or not. We care that we have an accurate list of active VNs. Therefore we can say that we allow VNs to 
de0register themselves by spending their registration UTXOs to a normal UTXO. We will still have the [delayed view] of the main chain, so this de-registration action will
only take effect after some time. 

## Epochs

> Radix's Cerberus uses epochs to manage VN stability and shuffling of VNs inside the [shard space]. It can be argued that we don't need to group nodes inside of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hotstuff and other BFT protocols use epochs to manage VN stability and shuffling of VNs inside the [shard space]. It can be argued that we don't need to group nodes inside of 
```

epochs to shuffle them around or lock them into a period of "service as a VN". Above in [UTXO de-registration], it was argued why we should not lock a VN to a 
specific period in which they have to serve as VN. And in [Registration], it was argued why it is essential to force VNs to publish new registration transactions 

> periodically. We have also mentioned [delayed view] of the [Base Layer]. If we combine these three properties, we can argue that we have stability of the VN population.

Reviewer: Rather be specific. Choose a term for this (maybe VNConfirmationPeriod), add it to the glossary and then update the RFCs to use it
